Enumeration
We are assuming that Poultry
is running Windows.
We can increase our confidence by
enumerating the network with Nmap.
If Nmap discovers any applications,
we will enumerate them.
Network Enumeration
To run an Nmap scan, we will
have to use ProxyChains.
Network scanning with ProxyChains
will be slow so we will start with
only the top 20 ports and
expand our scope if needed.
To run Nmap through ProxyChains,
we will prepend the
nmap command we want
to run with proxychains.
We will only scan the top 20 ports,
and will conduct a connect
scan with the -sT flag.
SOCKS proxies require a TCP connection,
so we can not use half-open
or SYN scans with ProxyChains.
Since SOCKS proxies require
a TCP connection,
ICMP cannot get through either and we
must disable pinging with the -Pn flag.
Nmap discovered that ports
135, 139, 445, and 3389 are open.
However, port 53 is closed, which is
commonly open on domain controllers.
This is most likely not the domain
controller we are looking for,
but the other ports still indicate
that this is a Windows OS.
The top 20 ports did not show
any HTTP applications running,
so let’s try to “exploit” this
Windows machine
by logging in via RDP with
the credentials we discovered.